Update the Buttons page (#8440)
elastic/eui: packages/website/docs/components/navigation/button/overview.mdx

Reviewer: **blocking:**

Empty button and Button group are in separate pages. We need to update:
`packages/website/docs/components/navigation/button/button_empty.mdx`
and `packages/website/docs/components/navigation/button/button_group.mdx`. 

I think it's enough to cut and paste from this file 😄

Author: Done! Also went ahead and added button_icon and button_basic. The latter change makes 'Button' show up as a child in the IA and leaves the top level 'Buttons' to the overview content only. In this way, all child items are either standalone component (EuiButton, EuiButtonIcon, etc.) or patterns or guidelines.

Reviewer: @ryankeairns that's incredible, and this answers our doubt regarding information architecture, how some components are mentioned in the top-level page and others are extracted into subpages which creates an unintuitive navigation experience. This looks much cleaner! I'm noting this down for M2 as well ✍🏻

When using colors other than `primary`, be sure that either the words or an icon also represents the status. For instance, don't rely on color alone to represent dangerous actions but use words like "Delete" not "Confirm". The `text` and `accent` colors should be used sparingly as they can easily be confused with other states like disabled and danger.

> All button components accept an `iconType` which must be an acceptable [**EuiIcon**](/docs/display/icons) type. Multi-color icons like app icons will be converted to single color. Icons can be displayed on the opposite side by passing `iconSide="right"`.

Reviewer: **non-blocking:**

This link doesn't work, would be great to fix it here since we're touching the page 😄 

```suggestion
All button components accept an `iconType` which must be an acceptable [**EuiIcon**](../../display/icons/overview.mdx) type. Multi-color icons like app icons will be converted to single color. Icons can be displayed on the opposite side by passing `iconSide="right"`.
```

          onClick={() => {}}
        >
          {!withIconButton ? 'Button' : 'Open in Discover'}
        </EuiButton>
      </EuiPanel>
    </div>
  );
};
```

## Empty button

Use **EuiButtonEmpty** when you want to reduce the importance of the button, but still want to align it to the rest of the buttons. It is also the only button component that supports down to size `xs`.

```tsx interactive
import React from 'react';

import {
  EuiButtonEmpty,
  EuiFlexGroup,
  EuiFlexItem,
} from '@elastic/eui';

export default () => (
  <EuiFlexGroup
    wrap={true}
    gutterSize="s"
    alignItems="center"
  >
    <EuiFlexItem grow={false}>
      <EuiButtonEmpty
        onClick={() => {}}
      >
        Empty button
      </EuiButtonEmpty>
    </EuiFlexItem>

    <EuiFlexItem grow={false}>
      <EuiButtonEmpty
        size="s"
        onClick={() => {}}
      >
        Small empty button
      </EuiButtonEmpty>
    </EuiFlexItem>

    <EuiFlexItem grow={false}>
      <EuiButtonEmpty
        size="xs"
        onClick={() => {}}
      >
        Extra small empty button
      </EuiButtonEmpty>
    </EuiFlexItem>
  </EuiFlexGroup>
);
```

> ### Flush empthy button

Reviewer: **blocking:**

Just this one small typo 😄

    {}
  );

  const onChangeIcons = (optionId) => {
    setToggleIconIdSelected(optionId);
  };

  const onChangeIconsMulti = (optionId) => {
    const newToggleIconIdToSelectedMap = {
      ...toggleIconIdToSelectedMap,
      ...{
        [optionId]: !toggleIconIdToSelectedMap[optionId],
      },
    };

    setToggleIconIdToSelectedMap(newToggleIconIdToSelectedMap);
  };

  return (
    <Fragment>
      <EuiButtonGroup
        legend="Text align"
        options={toggleButtonsIcons}
        idSelected={toggleIconIdSelected}
        onChange={(id) => onChangeIcons(id)}
        isIconOnly
      />
      &nbsp;&nbsp;
      <EuiButtonGroup
        legend="Text style"
        options={toggleButtonsIconsMulti}
        idToSelectedMap={toggleIconIdToSelectedMap}
        onChange={(id) => onChangeIconsMulti(id)}
        type="multi"
        isIconOnly
      />
    </Fragment>
  );
};
```

### Button group tooltips

Buttons within a button group will automatically display a default browser tooltip containing the button `label` text. This can be customized or unset via the `title` property in your `options` button configuration.

> To instead display an **EuiToolTip** around your button(s), pass the `toolTipContent` property. You can also use `toolTipProps` to customize tooltip placement, title, and any other prop that [**EuiToolTip**](/docs/display/tooltip) accepts.

Reviewer: **non-blocking:**

This link doesn't work, would be great to fix it here since we're touching the page 😄 

```suggestion
To instead display an **EuiToolTip** around your button(s), pass the `toolTipContent` property. You can also use `toolTipProps` to customize tooltip placement, title, and any other prop that [**EuiToolTip**](../../display/tooltip.mdx) accepts.
```

import { EuiButtonGroup } from '@elastic/eui';

export default () => {
  const toggleButtons = [
    {
      id: 'buttonGroup__0',
      label: 'Default title',
    },
    {
      id: 'buttonGroup__1',
      label: 'Custom tooltip content',
      toolTipContent: 'This is a custom tooltip',
    },
    {
      id: 'buttonGroup__2',
      label: 'Custom tooltip props',
      toolTipContent: 'This is another custom tooltip',
      toolTipProps: {
        title: 'My custom title',
        position: 'right',
      },
    },
  ];

  const [toggleIdSelected, setToggleIdSelected] = useState('buttonGroup__1');

  const onChange = (optionId) => {
    setToggleIdSelected(optionId);
  };

  return (
    <EuiButtonGroup
      legend="This is a group with tooltips"
      options={toggleButtons}
      idSelected={toggleIdSelected}
      onChange={(id) => onChange(id)}
    />
  );
};
```

### Button group in forms

<Badge>Pattern</Badge>

When using button groups within compressed forms, match the form elements by adding `buttonSize="compressed"`. Compressed groups should always be `fullWidth` so they line up nicely in their small container unless they are icon only.

> For a more detailed example of how to integrate with forms, see the ["Complex example"](/docs/forms/layouts/compressed-forms/#complex-example) on the compressed forms page.

Reviewer: **non-blocking:**

This link doesn't work, would be great to fix it here since we're touching the page 😄

```suggestion
For a more detailed example of how to integrate with forms, see the ["Complex example"](../../forms/form_layouts/compressed_forms.mdx#complex-example) on the compressed forms page.
```
